And I lied to them.
That was the most critical time for the Chen family
If I don't leave the group, it may be gone
I can't leave Sunan without a home
They will only suffer if they follow me
So you left for them, or what?
At that time, the Chen family was like that
Only the Wang family can save the Chen family
How can I watch them suffer and suffer?
Xue Zhi Chen Junnan
Xue Nan
You are really evil
Are you all right?
It's okay Xu Nan
Go to Chen Xunan, your father has difficulties
He actually loves you
He was completely forced to leave you
Wu Zhizhi, stop challenging my bottom line
Stop talking to him. Go
Xunan
Zhizhi, come and eat some fruit
What's wrong with you bro
I just didn't want him to have any regrets
Why can't he understand my regret?
In Chen Xunan's heart
He obviously cares a lot about his father
He didn't want to admit it.
The misunderstanding between them is too deep
Brother knows brother understands you
Go take a shower and get some sleep
Forget about the unpleasant things
Go, please!
Zhizhi brother hates Chen Junnan a little bit
I also envy him a little
You will work hard for him not to regret
But he didn't appreciate it.
Does my brother have regrets too?